Allow comma separated job prefixes (#4396)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer/CHANGELOG.md

- Replaced repetitive `if (err instanceof Error)` patterns with `handleError` and `errorMessage` utility functions from `@zowe/zowe-explorer-api`. [#4207](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/4207)
- Added new VS Code toggle setting for enabling various features within Zowe Explorer. [#4242](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/4242)

> - Added support for comma-separated job prefixes in the Jobs tree filter, matching existing dataset filter behaviour. [#4395](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/4395)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for comma-separated job prefixes in the **JOBS** tree filter, matching existing data set filter behavior. [#4395](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/4395)
```
